Update external support links (#153)
operaton/documentation: docs/documentation/user-guide/logging.md

25-Nov-2019 15:45:27.706 FINE [Thread-6] o.c.c.l.BaseLogger.logDebug ENGINE-13006 Finishing command -------------------- AcquireJobsCmd ----------------------
```

> For more background on job acquisition and execution, see [The Job Executor](process-engine/the-job-executor.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find more information for Diagnosing the Job Executor in this blog post - [The Job Executor: What Is Going on in My Process Engine?](https://camunda.com/blog/2019/10/job-executor-what-is-going-on-in-my-process-engine/.
```
